docs: Update OVMS documents with grpc-go and grpc-python (#208)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/OVMS/pipelinerun.md

When the pipeline is run, the `docker-run.sh` script starts the service and performs inferencing on the selected input media. The output of running the pipeline provides the inference results for each frame based on the media source such as text, barcode, and so on, as well as the frames per second (FPS). Pipeline run provides many options in media type, system process platform type, and additional optional parameters. These options give you the opportunity to compare what system process platform is better for your need.

## Start Pipeline
You can run the pipeline script, `docker-run.sh` with `--workload opencv-ovms` option, and the following additional input parameters:

1. Media type
    - Camera Simulator using RTSF
    - USB Camera
    - Video File
2. Platform
    - core
    - dgpu.0
    - dgpu.1
    - xeon
3. [Optional parameters](#optional-parameters)
 
Run the command based on your requirement. You have to get your choices for #1, #2, #3 above to start the pipeline run, see [details](#run-pipeline-with-different-input-sourceinputsrc-types) section below.

### Check successful pipeline run

> Once pipeline run has started, you will expect containers to be running, see [check for pipeline run success](#status-of-running-a-pipeline); For a successful run, see [sample output log file](#sample-output).

Reviewer: add new clean results folder in the table below for stop pipeline run section

- `--color-width`, `color-height`, and `color-framerate`: Allows you to customize the settings of the color frame output from the Intel® RealSense™ Cameras. This parameter will overwrite the default value of RealSense gstreamer. Use `rs-enumerate-devices` to look up the camera's color capability.

### Supporting different programming languages for OVMS grpc client

> We are supporting multiple programming language for OVMS grpc client. Currently we are supporting grpc-python and grpc-go. The scripts to start pipeline above would start grpc-python as default, you can see [supporting different language](./supportingDifferentLanguage.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are supporting multiple programming languages for OVMS grpc client. Currently we are supporting grpc-python and grpc-go. The scripts to start pipelines above would start grpc-python as default, you can see [supporting different language](./supportingDifferentLanguage.md) 
```

    A Debugging tip: check the docker logs using following command

    ```bash
    docker logs <containerId>
    ```
---

## Sample output

### results/r0.jsonl sample
The output in results/r0.jsonl file lists average processing time in milliseconds and average number of frames per second. It's not really human readable, meant to be parsed by scripts. Below is a snap shot of the output:
```text
Processing time: 53.17 ms; fps: 18.81
Processing time: 47.98 ms; fps: 20.84
Processing time: 48.35 ms; fps: 20.68
Processing time: 46.88 ms; fps: 21.33
Processing time: 47.56 ms; fps: 21.03
Processing time: 49.66 ms; fps: 20.14
Processing time: 52.49 ms; fps: 19.05
Processing time: 52.27 ms; fps: 19.13
Processing time: 50.86 ms; fps: 19.66
Processing time: 58.19 ms; fps: 17.18
Processing time: 58.28 ms; fps: 17.16
Processing time: 52.17 ms; fps: 19.17
Processing time: 50.89 ms; fps: 19.65
Processing time: 49.58 ms; fps: 20.17
Processing time: 51.14 ms; fps: 19.55
```

### results/pipeline0.log sample:

> The output in results/pipeline0.log lists average number of frames per second. It's not really human readable, meant to be parsed by scripts. Below is a snap shot of the output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output in results/pipeline0.log lists average number of frames per second. Below is a snap shot of the output:
```

- `--color-width`, `color-height`, and `color-framerate`: Allows you to customize the settings of the color frame output from the Intel® RealSense™ Cameras. This parameter will overwrite the default value of RealSense gstreamer. Use `rs-enumerate-devices` to look up the camera's color capability.

### Supporting different programming languages for OVMS grpc client
We are supporting multiple programming languages for OVMS grpc client. Currently we are supporting grpc-python and grpc-go. The scripts to start pipelines above would start grpc-python as default. [See more on supporting different language](./supportingDifferentLanguage.md)

### Supporting different models for OVMS grpc python client
With OVMS grpc-python client, you can configure to use different model to run the inferencing pipeline. The scripts to start pipelines above would start grpc-python using `instance-segmentation-security-1040` model as default. [See more on supporting different model](./supportingDifferentModel.md)

### Status of Running a Pipeline
    
When you run the pipeline, the containers will run.
    
Check if the pipeline run is successful: 

```bash

> docker ps -a

Reviewer 2: The previous command has a simpler output for users. Is there a reason we want to change this?

Author: yes, we show user how to see container log by using containerID, previous format doesn't show containerID

Author: updated to use containerName for query docker logs file
